Title: Transfer Students | CS @ ILLINOIS - Computer Science at the ...
App.js:43 Snippet: Transferring to Illinois. For undergraduate students interested in transferring to 
Illinois from another institution, the Office of Admissions provides some general 
information. For specific transfer requirements, including the various 
requirements for each CS undergraduate program, please consult their detailed 
handbook.
App.js:44 

App.js:42 Title: 5-year BS-MS Program | CS @ ILLINOIS - Computer Science at the ...
App.js:43 Snippet: Applicants who are transferring to CS from another instituion may apply with 15 
graded credit hours on the Urbana campus and with current enrollment for at 
least 15 credit hours. They must have a 3.5 or higher transfer GPA. BS-MS 
Degree Requirements. NOTE: Students who are in Liberal Arts and Sciences (CS
/Math, ...
App.js:44 

App.js:42 Title: MCS On-Campus General Advising for Registration | CS @ ILLINOIS
App.js:43 Snippet: New Professional MCS Student Registration Guidelines for On-Campus Students 
- First Semester General Advising. We are excited you are joining our team! This 
site is designed to give you guidance on registering for your first courses. You are 
in a ﻿professional, non-thesis, self-funded master's program. There is no ...
App.js:44 

App.js:42 Title: 5-year BS-MCS Program | CS @ ILLINOIS - Computer Science at ...
App.js:43 Snippet: Students admitted to this program will receive both degrees once all 
requirements for both degrees have been successfully completed. Transfer 
students entering the CS undergraduate program their junior year are also 
eligible to apply to this program. Note: Students who are seniors follow the 
standard application process ...
App.js:44 

App.js:42 Title: MS Program | CS @ ILLINOIS - Computer Science at the University ...
App.js:43 Snippet: At most, 12 semester credit hours of previous graduate course work may be 
transferred and applied to the M.S. degree requirements and 12 credit hours of 
non-degree graduate courses completed in the Department of Computer Science 
at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign may be transferred and applied 
to ...
App.js:44 

App.js:42 Title: Computer Science + Crop Sciences | CS @ ILLINOIS - Computer ...
App.js:43 Snippet: Are you interested in improving food security and nutrition? Do you want to make 
food production more efficient and environmentally friendly? Are you fascinated 
by the development of disease- and pest-resistant crops? If so, you may want to 
consider CS + Crop Sciences. The first degree of its kind, the CS + Crop 
Sciences ...
App.js:44 

App.js:42 Title: MCS Degree Requirements | CS @ ILLINOIS - Computer Science at ...
App.js:43 Snippet: Up to 12 credit hours of previous graduate coursework that is approved by the 
Department of Computer Science may be transferred and applied to the 
Professional MCS degree requirements. In addition, 12 credit hours of non-
degree graduate courses completed within the Department of Computer Science 
at the University ...
App.js:44 

App.js:42 Title: Policies and Procedures | CS @ ILLINOIS - Computer Science at the ...
App.js:43 Snippet: (3) "Have you taken 60 hours at a senior institution (i.e. four-year college)?" For 
transfer students, this usually means that they can only transfer in 68 hours from a 
community college, so that they will be able to answer "yes" to questions (2) and (
3). These rules are enforced pretty strictly, except that students are usually ...
App.js:44 

App.js:42 Title: Graduate Advising Contacts | CS @ ILLINOIS - Computer Science at ...
App.js:43 Snippet: course registration; assessing academic progress; degree requirement and 
course planning; thesis format checks; qual, prelim, and final exam requirements 
and scheduling; Graduate College petitions (transfer of coursework, degree time 
extensions, etc.) transferring in or out of the Department of Computer Science ...
App.js:44 

App.js:42 Title: the CS @ Illinois homepage!
App.js:43 Snippet: CS Professor Bruce Schatz's group has developed technology that enables a 
smartphone to accurately predict the severity of chronic obstructive pulmonary 
disease. Microsoft Reports a Big Leap Forward for DNA Data Storage. Jul 07, 
2016. After 20 Years & 3 Unicorns, This VC Believes Purpose Is The Key To 
Succeed.